---
layout: default
open_links_in_new_tab: true
title: "The Origins of Christianity - Chapter 4: Islam"
date: 2024-04-13
category: books
---

The Origins of Islam

By Ralph Perrier

1 Islam

Christianity was created by rabbi Akiva and his students. Islam was
created by one of rabbi Akiva's students named Shimon bar Yochai, who
was also involved in creating christianity.

In the book 'Hagarism: The Making of the Islamic World' (1977) by
Patricia Crone and Michael Cook they trace the origins of Islam to 'The
Secrets of Shimon bar Yochai'. They theorize that Islam was started as a
psy-op to weaponize the Arabs to attack the Byzantine empire (eastern
Rome) to free judea.

Shimon bar Yochai wrote that his "secrets" were revealed to him when he
was hiding in a cave on account of the persecutions of Caesar king of
Edom (Rome). His "secrets" were his blueprint for the destruction of
Rome (Esau/Edom) and all western "gyrwn" (Aramic form of goyim).

Quotes from the Secrets of Shimon bar Yochai:

\"The second king who will arise from Ishmael \[Ishmael = Arabs\] will
be a friend of Israel. He will repair their breaches and (fix) the
breaches of the Temple and shape Mt. Moriah and make the whole of it a
level plain. He will build for himself there a place for prayer upon the
site of the 'foundation stone,' as Scripture says: 'and set your nest on
the rock' (Num 24:21). He will wage war with the children of Esau and
slaughter their troops and capture a large number of them, and
(eventually) he will die in peace and with great honor.\".

\"And there shall arise a great king from Hasarmawet (cf. Gen 10:26),
but he will exercise rule only for a few years. Warriors of the children
of Qedar shall rise up against him and kill him, and bring to power
another king whose name is Mry'w \[Mry'w = \"Lord\"? \[link\]\]. They
shall take him from following flocks and mule-herds and elevate him to
the kingship. There shall arise from him 'four arms' who will make
repairs on the Temple.\"

\*Note on the \"four arms\" part: \"Chaturbhuja\" in Sanskri means
\"four-armed\". Several Hindu deities are depicted with four arms
including Vishnu. You can see this part playing out today. Every western
country is being flooded with Indians. This happened after Israel made a
trade deal with India \[link\]. So, there obviously exists a
judean-based Qahal that is coordinating with politicians/influential
billionaires/NGO\'s to facilitate their migration to the west to
eventually fight Edom (they\'re probably also selling India military
technology so that India can challenge China who is a threat to them as
they are arming Middle Eastern countries).

\"At the end of the reign of the 'four arms' there shall come to power
another king. He will diminish measures for quantity, length, and
weight, and enjoy three years of tranquility. A dispute will erupt in
the world during his reign, and he will send out mighty forces against
the Edomites. There (Byzantium?) they will die of hunger, even though
they will have abundant provisions---he will refuse (sustenance) from
them, (and) none will be given him. The children of Edom will prevail
over the children of Ishmael and slaughter them. Then the children of
Ishmael will arise and burn the provisions, and those who are left will
flee and depart.\"

\"After this a great king will come to power and rule for nineteen
years. These are his distinguishing marks (lit. 'signs'): reddish-hued,
squinty-eyed (?), and he will have three moles: one on his forehead, one
on his right hand, and one on his left arm. He will plant saplings and
rebuild ruined cities and tap subterranean waters to bring up water to
irrigate his plantings so that his future descendants will have plenty
to eat. All who arise to oppose him will submit to his power, and the
land will remain undisturbed during his reign, and he will die
peacefully.\"

\*Note on this quote. I once read a theory that Allah and Muhammad were
based on Attila the Hun and his uncle Rugila. The name Allah comes from
Attila and Attila the redheaded warlord = Muhammad. The story of Attila
waging war against Rome was parodied because they wanted the Arabs to
attack Eastern Rome (Byzantium).

According to his prophecy, after "Ishmael" weakens Edom (Rome) and then
"dies a noble death", the jews would import millions of "four-arms"
("Chaturbhuja" in Sanskri means "four-armed" and many Hindu deities are
depicted with four-arms, including Vishnu) to dilute the Roman
population and finish the job.

In Jerusalem Talmud Kiddushin, Rabbi Shimon bar Yochai stated: "Kill the
best of Gentiles, smash the head of the best of snakes". He was the
biggest proponent of the belief that Rome was Edom.

Islam is older than believed and was created not long after Christianty by Talmudic jews who were hiding out in the Himyarite Kingdom after Emperor
Hadrian kicked them out of judea. Shimon bar Yochai
basically just cut-and-pasted from one of Adiabene imperial cult repackaged it with the psyop that Rabbi Simon ben Yohai
conceived and called it Islam. This is the same thing they did with
christianity using the Roman imperial cult. Why did they choose
the Adiabene imperial cult as the basis for Islam? The royal cult of Adiabene must have been similar to
the Roman imperial cult/Divine Julius cult and it infused Zoroastrianism
which was familiar to the Persians who they were also at war with and
this is why they were in the Himyarite Kingdom at the time, sandwiched
between Rome and Persia. After christianity, Islam was the jews greatest
success as Islam would go on to bring down the Edom states of Byzantium,
Persia, and the entire Middle East.

Endnotes

King Izates of Monobazus's (Isa in the Quran) son was named 'Zamaris'
(Zamaris the Babylonian jew?) and Zamaris has the same meaning as
Muhammad. Allah and Muhammad the red-headed warlord were parodies of
Attila the Hun and his uncle Ruglia waging war against Rome (Edom)
because they wanted the Arabs to attack eastern Rome. 
